Add remote store main page updates. Add shallow snapshots (#5078)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _tuning-your-cluster/availability-and-recovery/remote-store/index.md

| Field | Data type | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| cluster.default.index.refresh_interval | Time unit | Sets the refresh interval when the `index.refresh_interval` setting is not provided. This setting can be useful when you want to set a default refresh interval across all indexes in a cluster and also support the `searchIdle` setting. You cannot set the interval lower than the `cluster.minimum.index.refresh_interval` setting. |
| cluster.minimum.index.refresh_interval | Time unit | Sets the minimum refresh interval and applies it to all indexes in the cluster. The `cluster.default.index.refresh_interval` setting should be higher than this setting's value. If, during index creation, the `index.refresh_interval` setting is lower than the minimum set, index creation fails. |
| cluster.remote_store.translog.buffer_interval | Time unit | The default value of the translog buffer interval used when performing periodic translog updates. This setting is only effective when the index setting `index.remote_store.translog.buffer_interval` is not present. |

> ## Translog

Reviewer: We don't need this section

Any index changes, such as indexing or deleting documents, are written to disk during a Lucene commit. However, Lucene commits are expensive operations, so they cannot be performed after every change to the index. Instead, each shard records every indexing operation in a transaction log called *translog*. When a document is indexed, it is added to the memory buffer and recorded in the translog. Frequent refresh operations write the documents in the memory buffer to a segment and then clear the memory buffer. Periodically, a flush performs a Lucene commit, which includes writing the segments to disk using fsync, purging the old translog, and starting a new translog. Thus, a translog contains all operations that have not yet been flushed. 

when a write request lands on the primary shard, the request is indexed to Lucene and stored in the translog. After this, the request is sent to the replicas, where, in turn, it is indexed to Lucene and stored in the translog for durability. 

> With segment replication, segments are created on the primary shard only and then copied to all replicas. The replicas do not index requests to Lucene, but they do create and maintain a translog.

Reviewer: This is also not required as it is already covered in the second para of the page.

> ## The `index.translog.durability` translog setting

Reviewer: We need to remove this section and following section with heading `Refresh-level and request-level durability` as we will only be supporting request level durability.

```yml
# Repository name
node.attr.remote_store.segment.repository: my-repo-1
node.attr.remote_store.translog.repository: my-repo-2
node.attr.remote_store.state.repository: my-repo-3

# Segment repository settings
node.attr.remote_store.repository.my-repo-1.type: s3
node.attr.remote_store.repository.my-repo-1.settings.bucket: <Bucket Name 1>
node.attr.remote_store.repository.my-repo-1.settings.base_path: <Bucket Base Path 1>
node.attr.remote_store.repository.my-repo-1.settings.region: us-east-1

# Translog repository settings
node.attr.remote_store.repository.my-repo-2.type: s3
node.attr.remote_store.repository.my-repo-2.settings.bucket: <Bucket Name 2>
node.attr.remote_store.repository.my-repo-2.settings.base_path: <Bucket Base Path 2>
node.attr.remote_store.repository.my-repo-2.settings.region: us-east-1

# Cluster state repository settings
node.attr.remote_store.repository.my-repo-3.type: s3
node.attr.remote_store.repository.my-repo-3.settings.bucket: <Bucket Name 3>
node.attr.remote_store.repository.my-repo-3.settings.base_path: <Bucket Base Path 3>
node.attr.remote_store.repository.my-repo-3.settings.region: us-east-1
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

> You do not have the use three different remote store repositories for segment, translog, and state. All three stores can share the same repository. 

Reviewer: have the use -> have to use

> You do not have the use three different remote store repositories for segment, translog, and state. All three stores can share the same repository. 

Author: ```suggestion
You do not have to use three different remote store repositories for segment, translog, and state. All three stores can share the same repository. 
```

> After the cluster is created with the `remote_store` settings, all indexes created in that cluster will start uploading data to the configured remote store.

Reviewer: Before this, can we add a line to provide details on automatic repo registration? Something like this:
```
During cluster bootstrap, the repositories with details in opensearch.yml are automatically registered.
```

> After the cluster is created with the `remote_store` settings, all indexes created in that cluster will start uploading data to the configured remote store.

Author: ```suggestion
During the bootstrapping process, the remote-backed repositories listed in `opensearch.yml` are automatically registered. After the cluster is created with the `remote_store` settings, all indexes created in that cluster will start uploading data to the configured remote store.
```

| cluster.minimum.index.refresh_interval | Time unit | Sets the minimum refresh interval and applies it to all indexes in the cluster. The `cluster.default.index.refresh_interval` setting should be higher than this setting's value. If, during index creation, the `index.refresh_interval` setting is lower than the minimum set, index creation fails. |
| cluster.remote_store.translog.buffer_interval | Time unit | The default value of the translog buffer interval used when performing periodic translog updates. This setting is only effective when the index setting `index.remote_store.translog.buffer_interval` is not present. |

## Restoring from a backup

To restore an index from a remote backup, such as in the event of a node failure, use one of the following options:

**Restore only unassigned shards**

```bash
curl -X POST "https://localhost:9200/_remotestore/_restore" -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d'
{
  "indices": ["my-index-1", "my-index-2"]
}
'
```

> **Remote all shards of a given index**

Reviewer: Remote -> Restore

> **Remote all shards of a given index**

Author: ```suggestion
**Restore all shards of a given index**
```

```bash

> curl -X POST "https://localhost:9200/_remotestore/_restore" -ku admin:admin -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d'

Reviewer: To restore all the shards, we need to pass a query parameter: `restore_all_shards=true`.

> curl -X POST "https://localhost:9200/_remotestore/_restore" -ku admin:admin -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d'

Author: ```suggestion
curl -X POST "https://localhost:9200/_remotestore/_restore?restore_all_shards=true" -ku admin:admin -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d'
```

Remote-backed storage offers OpenSearch users a new way to protect against data loss by automatically creating backups of all index transactions and sending them to remote storage. In order to expose this feature, segment replication must also be enabled. See [Segment replication]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/opensearch/segment-replication/) for additional information.

With remote-backed storage, when a write request lands on the primary shard, the request is indexed to Lucene on the primary shard only. The corresponding translog is then uploaded to remote store. OpenSearch does not send the write request to the replicas, but rather performs a primary term validation to confirm that the request originator shard is still the primary shard. Primary term validation ensures that the acting primary shard fails if it becomes isolated and is unaware of the cluster manager electing a new primary.

> After segments are created on the primary shard as part of the refresh, flush, and merge flow, segments are uploaded to remote segment store and the replica shards source the copy from the same store. This frees up the primary shard from data copying operation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After segments are created on the primary shard as part of the refresh, flush, and merge flow, the segments are uploaded to remote segment store and the replica shards source a copy from the same remote segment store. This frees up the primary shard from having to perform a data copying operation.
```

> After segments are created on the primary shard as part of the refresh, flush, and merge flow, the segments are uploaded to remote segment store and the replica shards source a copy from the same remote segment store. This frees up the primary shard from having to perform a data copying operation.

Reviewer 3: "prevents" instead of "frees up"?

> After segments are created on the primary shard as part of the refresh, flush, and merge flow, the segments are uploaded to remote segment store and the replica shards source a copy from the same remote segment store. This frees up the primary shard from having to perform a data copying operation.

Author: ```suggestion
After segments are created on the primary shard as part of the refresh, flush, and merge flow, the segments are uploaded to remote segment store and the replica shards source a copy from the same remote segment store. This prevents the primary shard from having to perform any write operations.
```

## Configuring remote-backed storage

> Remote-backed storage is a cluster level setting. It can only be enabled when bootstrapping to the cluster. After bootstrapping completes, the remote-backed storage cannot be enabled or disabled. This provides durability at the cluster level.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Remote-backed storage is a cluster-level setting. It can only be enabled when bootstrapping to the cluster. After bootstrapping completes, the remote-backed storage cannot be enabled or disabled. This provides durability at the cluster level.
```

> Communication to the configured remote cluster happens inside the repository plugin interface. All the existing implementations of the Repository plugin, such as Azure Blob Storage, Google Cloud Store, and AWS S3, are compatible with remote-backed storage.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Communication with the configured remote cluster happens in the Repository plugin interface. All the existing implementations of the Repository plugin, such as Azure Blob Storage, Google Cloud Storage, and Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3), are compatible with remote-backed storage.
```

> Make sure remote store settings are configured the same across all nodes in the cluster. If not, bootstrapping will fail for nodes with different attributes from the elected cluster manager node.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Make sure remote store settings are configured the same way across all nodes in the cluster. If not, bootstrapping will fail for nodes whose attributes are different from the elected cluster manager node.
```

Reviewer 3: +1, but "on nodes" instead of "for nodes"? And confirm that "elected" is the intended word.

node.attr.remote_store.repository.my-repo-3.settings.region: us-east-1
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

You do not have to use three different remote store repositories for segment, translog, and state. All three stores can share the same repository. 

During the bootstrapping process, the remote-backed repositories listed in `opensearch.yml` are automatically registered. After the cluster is created with the `remote_store` settings, all indexes created in that cluster will start uploading data to the configured remote store.

## Related cluster settings

You can use the following [cluster settings]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}//api-reference/cluster-api/cluster-settings/) to tune how remote-backed clusters handle each workload.

| Field | Data type | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| cluster.default.index.refresh_interval | Time unit | Sets the refresh interval when the `index.refresh_interval` setting is not provided. This setting can be useful when you want to set a default refresh interval across all indexes in a cluster and also support the `searchIdle` setting. You cannot set the interval lower than the `cluster.minimum.index.refresh_interval` setting. |

> | cluster.minimum.index.refresh_interval | Time unit | Sets the minimum refresh interval and applies it to all indexes in the cluster. The `cluster.default.index.refresh_interval` setting should be higher than this setting's value. If, during index creation, the `index.refresh_interval` setting is lower than the minimum set, index creation fails. |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| cluster.minimum.index.refresh_interval | Time unit | Sets the minimum refresh interval and applies it to all indexes in the cluster. The `cluster.default.index.refresh_interval` setting should be higher than this setting's value. If, during index creation, the `index.refresh_interval` setting is lower than the minimum, index creation fails. |
```

> - Request-level durability: Translogs are uploaded before acknowledging the request. Set the `translog` flag to `true` to achieve request-level durability. In this scenario, we recommend to batch as many requests as possible in a bulk request. Batching requests will improve indexing throughput and latency compared to sending individual write requests.

Reviewer: This needs to be removed.

> ## Register a remote repository

Reviewer: Remove this section and following section with header `Create an index`. We don't need this anymore as repository is registered as part of cluster bootstrap and there are no changes in index creation.

- Writing data to a remote store can be a high-latency operation when compared to writing data on the local file system. This may impact the indexing throughput and latency. For performance benchmarking results, see [issue #6376](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/issues/6376).

> ## Next steps

Reviewer: We need to remove section above this with header `Known Limitations`.
